Now let's recap project work management.
Projects are the lifeblood of almost every business.
Projects can be driven from management directives throughout an organization,
operations drive project based on a threshold criteria.
For example, if a ticket takes over 200 hours,
you might want to make it a project.
We do that to provide focus, visibility, and ensure success.
Initiatives certainly drive projects.
That is why it is so very critical that you have an
excellent project management process in place and
implement the best practices as you can,
because it is so important to the success of your company.
Here are the key concepts for project work management.
We learn that 62% is the industry-wide standard for success rate of projects.
That's barely two thirds of all projects.
Good quality project work management will help you better
succeed at running and completing your projects.
The Project Management Office, another PMO.
We explore why it is important to have a PMO to help
manage project demand management,
execute project following standards and metrics,
and provide a necessary report and communication.
We define a project as a temporary group activity
designed to produce a unique product, service,
or result,
and that the purpose of the project construct is to focus
resources and provide visibility to management.
We learn about the role of the project manager.
It is essential to ensure the project gets done professionally,
and that they have the responsibility of initiation,
planning, execution, performance, monitoring,
and the closure of a project.
We talked about traditional project management,
which has five major process groups: conception,
initiation, planning, execution, performance and monitoring,
and lastly, closure.
We also discuss agile project management,
which is based on key agile principles and practices for delivering software.
One of which would be that the highest priority is to
satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery
of variable that is usable software.
We talked about the agile/scrum process groups,
in contrast to those with the traditional project management process groups,
and we learned that there are four agile process groups.
And they are projects, iterations, releases and daily work.
And we did a mapping of agile onto traditional.
This helps us better understand the relationship between traditional project management and agile project management.